Yangshan collapsed in the Eastern Zhou Dynasty
The granary of the Eastern Zhou Dynasty was crushed
Family corpse collapsed
How could it roll like this?
How can this be?
Dad?
Forever
Is there really retribution?
How could a good Yangshan collapse?
Our Li family has been hit hard.
Dad, don't worry
Maybe false positives?
It's not clear yet.
How dare you be stubborn at this time
Yangshan collapse
imperial family collapse
The granary is crushed
Isn't this retribution?
It's just a Yangshan.
I have a vast territory in the Eastern Zhou Dynasty
A mere Yangshan is not enough to detain
Just a Yangshan
This is just an appetizer
Well, that's a coincidence
Where's the weather?
Uncle Li, don't worry.
You are in trouble in the Eastern Zhou Dynasty
We support Beizhou
It's a hard week
We provide eight weeks of support
Yeah, it's hard for a week
Eight weeks of support
Eight weeks of support a week
support
It's hard for a week
8 weeks of support
The disaster has arrived
You're all in trouble.
Still thinking about support
Scourge
You are the one who is condemned by God. Come to our Northern Week to try it.
eight
Not good, I was caught by Zhang Avalanche
Your Chen family's foundation has been destroyed
Countless casualties